## OSEP-Study ##

A repository of tools developed while studying for OSEP.  The contents here are not part of courseware but some tools i wrote as an extension to learning C# and offensive tooling. OSEP does a fanstastic job at teaching the course and provkes creative thinking. The result of that is a few modules i have developed to learn and instrument tools that i used in the labs.

### AttackVMS ###
To setup VM's for testing. This is based on RastaMouse's version 1 of ZeroPoint Security RTO courseware modified to include recent set of tooling and updated version of dependencies.

### BasicZipper and BasicUnzipper ###
To create base64 encoded and zipped blobs of powershell code to be consumed without other scripts were bypassing AV signatures could pose a challenge.

### ByteEncryptor ###
A program to encrypt Shellcode generated by MSFVENOM into a bytearray. This has a bug and needs some eyeballing...

### PowerPull ###
A tool to be used with ApplicationWhiteslisting + AMSI Bypass + ConstrainedLanguage mode.. Uses a way to pull remote blob of powershell code stored with a tool like BasicZipper.

### ProcessInjector ###
A tool that executes a AES encrypted shellcode into the memory of explorer.exe or another process with the name given as the first argument. [Work in progress]

### psHell ###
An interactive custom powershell runspace escape from ApplicationWhiteslisting + AMSI Bypass + ConstrainedLanguage mode.

### winHTTPServer ###
A portable HTTP Server to be executed within a folder to server files within that file path as a directory listing.

### PipeDream ###
A lateral movement toolkit has two binaries pipe.exe (server) and dream (client).. uses named pipe to communicate between systems.

